Persistence is a method of regaining or maintaining access to a compromised machine, without having to exploit the initial compromise steps all over again. Workstations are volatile since users tend to logout or reboot them frequently.

If you've gained initial access through a phishing campaign, it's unlikely you'll be able to do so again if your current Beacon is lost, which could be the end of the engagement. If you're on an assume-breach (or indeed in this lab) and have access to an internal host, the loss of complete access to the environment is less of a concern. However, you may still need to drop one or more persistence mechanisms on hosts you control if your simulated threat would also do so.

Installing persistence usually involves making some configuration change or dropping a payload to disk, which is why they can carry a high risk of detection, but they are also very useful (and practically essential) during long-term engagements. You must strike a delicate balance of keeping the operation going and getting caught.

Persistence can be executed within userland (e.g. as the current user) or in an elevated context such as SYSTEM. Elevated persistence requires that we become local admin on the host first, which is covered in the **Privilege Escalation** section coming up next.

Common userland persistence methods include:

-   HKCU / HKLM Registry Autoruns
-   Scheduled Tasks
-   Startup Folder

Cobalt Strike doesn't include any built-in commands specifically for persistence. [SharPersist](https://github.com/fireeye/SharPersist) is a Windows persistence toolkit written by FireEye. It's written in C#, so can be executed via `execute-assembly`.

