A web proxy acts as an intermediary between a client and a target web server.  They are commonly deployed across organisations for a few key reasons.

  

#### Filtering & Monitoring

A web proxy can be configured to block certain websites, or categories of websites.  For instance, an organisation may choose to block access to social media platforms in an effort to increase productivity.  They also provide a central logging source so that the browsing habits of staff can be monitored and/or reported on.  SSL offloading can even be used to inspect HTTPS traffic.  This is achieved by establishing two independent HTTPS sessions - one between the client and proxy, the other between the proxy and web server.  This allows the proxy to decrypt and inspect web traffic before re-encrypting and sending it to the client.  The traffic is re-encrypted using an internal trusted CA.  However, organisations will generally avoid offloading SSL for sensitive categories such as banking or medical.

  

#### Performance

Web proxies can cache resources that have previously been downloaded.  Imagine Client A visits a website and the associated resources (such as images) are cached by the proxy.  Client B visits the same website, but the proxy uses the cached images it has already downloaded, meaning they don't have to be downloaded again.  Not only is this quicker for the client, but significantly reduces bandwidth usage.

  

#### Security

The aforementioned filtering and monitoring have additional security benefits, such as blocking access to "dodgy" sites and preventing the ability to download certain file types.  Web proxies also have AV engines to scan files in transit before they reach a client.  If all outbound requests are logged, HTTP Beacon traffic may also be logged.  Many proxies can integrate with Active Directory for user authentication and to create flexible web access policies.   It's not uncommon to find that sensitive accounts (such as DAs and/or machine accounts) are prevented from talking out at all - meaning we can't use HTTP Beacons with them.  The exact policies often can't be enumerated without having access to the proxy itself, but clues can be found by looking at domain group membership (as these are often used to assign domain users to particular policies).

```shell
beacon> getuid
[*] You are DEV\bfarmer

beacon> run net user bfarmer /domain
The request will be processed at a domain controller for domain dev.cyberbotic.io.
[...snip...]

Global Group memberships     *Domain Users         *Roaming Users        
                             *Developers           *Proxy Users
```

Proxy settings are typically deployed via GPO and are written into the registry.  You can read these manually (`Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Internet Settings`) or with a tool such as Seatbelt.
```shell
beacon> execute-assembly C:\Tools\Seatbelt\Seatbelt\bin\Debug\Seatbelt.exe InternetSettings

  HKCU                     ProxyEnable : 1
  HKCU                     ProxyOverride : ;local
  HKCU                     ProxyServer : squid.dev.cyberbotic.io:3128
```

There isn't a sure-fire way to tell if you are receiving traffic through a web proxy, but one method is to check for the presence of additional headers that are added by the proxy, such as **X-Forwarded-For**.
```shell
root@kali:~# tshark -i eth0 -f "tcp port 80" -O http -Y "http.request"
[...snip...]

Accept: */*\r\n
    User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; .NET CLR 1.1.4322)\r\n
    Pragma: no-cache\r\n
    Host: 10.10.5.120\r\n
    Via: 1.1 squid.dev.cyberbotic.io (squid/5.2)\r\n
    X-Forwarded-For: 10.10.17.231\r\n
    Cache-Control: max-age=0\r\n
    Connection: keep-alive\r\n
    \r\n
```

In this case, the proxy has added **Via** and **X-Forwarded-For** to the HTTP request.  Where `squid.dev.cyberbotic.io` is the internal FQDN of the proxy (it also provides the proxy vendor name and a version number!), and `10.10.17.231` is the internal IP of the originating client (in this case `WKSTN-1`).

These headers are typically enabled by default and require disabling by a proxy administrator.
