Moving laterally between computers in a domain is important for accessing sensitive information/materials, and obtaining new credentials.  Cobalt Strike provides three strategies for executing Beacons/code/commands on remote targets.

The first and most convenient is to use the built-in `jump` command - the syntax is `jump [method] [target] [listener]`. Type `jump` to see a list of methods. This will spawn a Beacon payload on the remote target, and if using a P2P listener, will connect to it automatically.
```shell
beacon> jump

Beacon Remote Exploits
======================

    Exploit                   Arch  Description
    -------                   ----  -----------
    psexec                    x86   Use a service to run a Service EXE artifact
    psexec64                  x64   Use a service to run a Service EXE artifact
    psexec_psh                x86   Use a service to run a PowerShell one-liner
    winrm                     x86   Run a PowerShell script via WinRM
    winrm64                   x64   Run a PowerShell script via WinRM
```

Each `method` has it's own set of OPSEC concerns - we'll review some of the main indicators of each technique as we go through them.

The second strategy is to use the built-in `remote-exec` command - the syntax is `remote-exec [method] [target] [command]`. Type `remote-exec` to see a list of methods.
```shell
beacon> remote-exec

Beacon Remote Execute Methods
=============================

    Methods                         Description
    -------                         -----------
    psexec                          Remote execute via Service Control Manager
    winrm                           Remote execute via WinRM (PowerShell)
    wmi                             Remote execute via WMI
```


The `remote-exec` commands simply provide a means to execute commands on a remote target. They are therefore not exclusive to lateral movement, but they can be used as such. They require more manual work to manage the payload, but do offer a wider degree of control over what gets executed on the target. You also need to connect to P2P Beacons manually using `connect` or `link`.

The third is to use Cobalt Strike's other primitives (`powershell`, `execute-assembly`, etc) to implement something entirely custom. This requires the most amount of effort but also offers you the greatest degree of control. Custom methods can be integrated into the `jump` and `remote-exec` commands using Aggressor.

Each of these strategies are compatible with the various credential and impersonation methods described in the next section, **Credentials & User Impersonation**. For instance, if you have plaintext credentials of a domain user who is a local administrator on a target, use `make_token` and then `jump` to use that user's credentials to move laterally to the target.

Some of Seatbelt's commands can also be run remotely, which can be useful to enumerate defences before we jump to it.
```shell
execute-assembly C:\Tools\Seatbelt\Seatbelt\bin\Debug\Seatbelt.exe powershell -computername=srv-1
```

> A common means of testing local admin access on a target is to list the C$ share remotely.
>```
>beacon> getuid
[*] You are DEV\bfarmer
beacon> ls \\srv-1\c$
 Size     Type    Last Modified         Name
  [...snip...]
>```
