The `psexec` / `psexec64` commands work by first uploading a service binary to the target system, then creating and starting a Windows service to execute that binary.  `psexec_psh` doesn't copy a binary to the target, but instead executes a PowerShell one-liner (always 32-bit).

Beacons executed this way run as SYSTEM.
```shell
beacon> jump psexec64 srv-1 smb
Started service dd80980 on srv-1
[+] established link to child beacon: 10.10.17.25
```

To build a detection, we can correlate events such as:

-   File creation.
-   Service installed.
-   Process start.

  

Cobalt Strike has a few default behaviours that we can profile:

-   It uses the same name for the service and the exe.
-   The name is a random alphanumeric string of length 7.
-   The service binary is always dropped into `C:\Windows`.

  

Furthermore, `psexec` and `psexec64` are the only `jump` methods that will perform a process migration automatically (by default into `rundll32.exe`). It does this so it can automatically delete the service binary from disk.  It's parent process will be the service binary and would result in a further process create event.  `psexec_psh` will execute PowerShell via `%COMSPEC%` (which if you didn't know, expands to the default command line interpreter, usually `cmd.exe`).

Find the service executable created in `C:\Windows`.
```shell
event.module : sysmon and event.type : creation and event.category : file and file.extension : exe and file.directory : "C:\\Windows"
```

Find the associated service.
```shell
event.provider : "Service Control Manager" and message : "A service was installed"
```

With psexec/64, the service filename is always a UNC path (e.g. `\\srv-1\ADMIN$\dd80980.exe`).  If psexec_psh is used, the filepath will be `%COMSPEC% /b /c start /b /min powershell -nop -w hidden -encodedcommand blah`.

>Move laterally to SRV-1 using **psexec64** & **psexec_psh**, and investigate the logs in Kibana.

