Domain Name System (DNS) records can provide a wealth of information regarding services that may be exposed to the Internet, but here there be dragons.

```
Because the lab has no outbound Internet access, you must use your own Kali VM if you want to following along with these steps. But they are optional, so feel free not to.
```

```shell
$ dig cyberbotic.io +short
104.21.90.222
172.67.205.143
```

Performing a `whois` on each public IP address can show who it belongs to. We can see that it resolves to a 3rd party provider, Cloudflare.

```shell
$ whois 104.21.90.222

OrgName:        Cloudflare, Inc.
OrgId:          CLOUD14
Address:        101 Townsend Street
City:           San Francisco
StateProv:      CA
PostalCode:     94107
Country:        US
RegDate:        2010-07-09
Updated:        2021-01-11
Ref:            https://rdap.arin.net/registry/entity/CLOUD14
```

When we browse to [cyberbotic.io](https://cyberbotic.io/), we are actually being sent to Cloudflare, which proxies the traffic between us and the webserver. The issue being that we don't know if the web server is hosted on premise of the target organisation, or in another 3rd party cloud service.

This information you **must** confirm with the client - providers such as [Amazon](https://aws.amazon.com/security/penetration-testing/) and [Azure](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/pentest-rules-of-engagement) have specific rules and/or require explicit permission before you are able to carry out any security assessments hosted on, or performed from, their infrastructure.

You may also come across IP addresses that belong to Internet Service Providers (ISPs), as some organisations rent their public address space.

Some Software as a Service (SaaS) offerings require DNS records on the target domain, in order to point towards those services. A notable example includes Microsoft's Office 365 which can be found at _autodiscover.target-domain_. If the target uses these SaaS services for email and/or document storage etc, it may be possible to gain access to your objective without ever needing to compromise their network.

Subdomains can also provide insight to other publicly available services, which could include webmail, remote access solutions such as Citrix, or a VPN. Tools such as [dnscan](https://github.com/rbsec/dnscan) come with lists of popular subdomains.

Weak email security (SPF, DMARC and DKIM) may allow us to spoof emails to appear as though they’re coming from their own domain. [Spoofcheck](https://github.com/BishopFox/spoofcheck) is a Python tool that can verify the email security of a given domain.

```shell
$ ./spoofcheck.py cyberbotic.io
[+] cyberbotic.io has no SPF record!
[*] No DMARC record found. Looking for organizational record
[+] No organizational DMARC record
[+] Spoofing possible for cyberbotic.io!
```

